## AutomatonX (v0.3.0)

Well, this is my cipher, built completely for (my own) learning purposes. For a few months, I've been learning Python by finding different ways of getting into the cipher, and patching the algorithm so that it gets stronger every time.

It's quite straight-forward (should be easy to understand with my comments). And, it's built by a lot of helper functions, for improving readability. I've written a [blog post](http://wp.me/p3OCmi-qT) on how one of its ancestors (v1.4 "Ranger") works. And, there's a [javascript version](http://wafflespeanut.github.io/Sentinel/) of it in my Github page!

### How it works?

- Using the prime numbers generated by the sieve, the key is dissolved into the phrase to be encrypted.

- During encryption, hexing, sorting, addition, iteration (using given key and a random key), shifting, XOR'ing, all kinds of things are done by the respective helper functions. During decryption, the reverse processes are carried out by the inverse functions.

- I've also added a few enhancements of my own, just to make it harder!

- Some 'tries-catches' have been used to print custom messages for possible causes of the errors, instead of the (ugly) errors themselves.

I know this isn't entirely intrusion-free. There could be a hole somewhere. But, whenever I come across one, I'll try to patch it ASAP...

### Notes

I had a course in cryptography lately. Only then I realized that whatever I've done is one of the most *stupidest* encryption scheme that anyone could possibly imagine...

### Changelog

v0.3.0: AutomatonX
- Dumped useless functions
- Made use of inbuilt XOR (reducing computing time)
- Key insertion is deprecated (major flaw exterminated!)
- Some timers are deprecated for improving efficiency
- FILE() can be used to encrypt/decrypt files
- RUN() can be used to play in the IDLE interface
- Functions: CXOR(), combine(), extract(), zombify(), RUN(), FILE()

v0.2.1: [Automaton](https://github.com/Wafflespeanut/Python/blob/9a583d54bd9f6dab2255e873f7c7bbc4fc943108/Encryption/Sentinel)
- Added timer for each phase
- Phrase and key is XORed (resulting in unknown characters)
- Hexing during epilog is deprecated
- Functions: binkill(), CXOR()

v0.2.0: [Sentinel](https://github.com/Wafflespeanut/Python/blob/581574ddd9c59cf0f45b933548aa2f2dc64203ae/Encryption/Sentinel) *(Till now, some garbage functions were used)*
- Changed the basis of random keys
- Corrected some functions with improved algorithm
- Alpha-numeric random keys
- Simplified version [available in Javascript](https://wafflespeanut.github.io/Sentinel)
- Functions: keypnum(), pop(), extract()

v0.1.4: [Ranger](https://github.com/Wafflespeanut/Python/blob/49bfe59bb4baa753678e6fbb4b29ad665459963c/Encryption/Ranger)
- Replaced all possible errors with custom messages
- Variable ciphertext outputs
- An iteration is carried out using a random key
- Functions: keypnum(), pop(), find(), slicing()

v0.1.3: [Zombipher](https://github.com/Wafflespeanut/Python/blob/3200ac598593c4abc7e9b3e899ad6889333c83ba/Encryption)
- Added "try-except" to print custom messages instead of disgusting errors
- Enhanced user interface
- Loops added to neglect wrong inputs
- Hexed outputs to eliminate a bug!
- Functions: zombify()

v0.1.2: [Zombifier](https://github.com/Wafflespeanut/Python/blob/cef60840ba2273ca2a0c3fb6943f927fcc7af01f/Encryption)
- Ciphertext is shifted based on key
- Added user interface
- Functions: shift(), zombify()

v0.1.1: [Keydepher](https://github.com/Wafflespeanut/Python/blob/d45d3dd783389c11de5e66cbcacbee0724e643f0/Encryption)
- Key is dissolved into the phrase (key-dependent cipher)
- Iterated ciphertext outputs
- Functions: add(), sub(), eit(), dit()

v0.1.0: [Sorter](https://github.com/Wafflespeanut/Python/blob/00ea11b8068e874fb86c84bc1d466b25053194b9/Encryption) *(It doesn't encrypt anything!)*
- Just hexing and shuffling (key-independent)
- Iterated shuffled outputs
- Functions: sieve(), hexed(), combine(), char(), extract()